Shim Generator - shimgen.exe
Copyright (C) 2013 - 2017 RealDimensions Software, LLC ("RDS")
===================================================================
Grant of License
===================================================================
You may use Shim Generator ("shimgen.exe") only with the official Chocolatey 
client. The use of shimgen.exe for any other reason is strictly prohibited.

If you would like to use this software for any other reason, you must obtain a 
personal or commercial license to do so. To do that you must contact RDS at 
ferventcoder.com.

This software is not free to distribute apart from the Chocolatey client. If you
would like to distribute this software outside of use through Chocolatey, you 
must receive written permission from the software owner.

===================================================================
End-User License Agreement
===================================================================
EULA - Shim Generator

IMPORTANT- READ CAREFULLY: This RealDimensions Software ("RDS") End-User License
Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you ("END USER") and RDS for all
RDS products, controls, source code, demos, intermediate files, media, printed 
materials, and "online" or electronic documentation ("SOFTWARE PRODUCT(S)") 
contained with this distribution.

RDS grants to END USER as an individual, a personal, nonexclusive license to 
install and use the SOFTWARE PRODUCT(S) for the sole purpose of use with the 
official Chocolatey client. By installing, copying, or otherwise using the 
SOFTWARE PRODUCT(S), END USER agrees to be bound by the terms of this EULA. If 
END USER does not agree to any part of the terms of this EULA, DO NOT INSTALL, 
USE, OR EVALUATE, ANY PART, FILE OR PORTION OF THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT(S).

ALL SOFTWARE PRODUCT(S) are licensed not sold. If END USER is an individual, 
END USER must acquire an individual license for the SOFTWARE PRODUCT(S) from RDS
or its authorized resellers. If END USER is an entity, END USER must acquire an 
individual license for each machine running the SOFTWARE PRODUCT(S) within your 
organization from RDS or its authorized resellers. Both Virtual and Physical 
Machines running the SOFTWARE PRODUCT(S) must be counted in the SOFTWARE 
PRODUCT(S) licenses quantity of the organization.

===================================================================
Commercial / Personal Licensing
===================================================================
Shim Generator (shimgen.exe) is also offered under personal and commercial 
licenses. You can learn more about this option by contacting RDS at 
http://ferventcoder.com
